# Surgery-Simulator
Surgery Simulator Executable file

Virtual reality (VR) and medicine are both advancing at an exponential rate globally. Therefore, the two concepts are merged together to create a fun environment in the form of a game. The goal of this project is to allow the user (player) to experience basic surgeries in a playful manner.
Virtual Surgery Simulator generates a number of human surgeries which can respond to mistakes and the inappropriate usage of surgical tools provided in this simulator. The surgery chosen by the user has specific tasks to fulfil and there are unique ways for the completion of each surgery. This allows the user to explore the basics of human surgeries and it allows the user to perform the specific tasks incorrectly resulting in a failure during the surgery. The simulator displays the patient’s (avatar) torso where the surgery is being performed and, on the side, there are surgical tools that can be used to operate with during each surgery. The user has to pick up the surgical tools using the VR Headset Controllers and use them where deemed necessary. 
Learning human surgeries is an acutely complex yet a very interesting topic. Therefore, the simulator gives the user the best virtual experience possible in the form of an entertaining game. The user can learn efficient ways of completing the surgeries each time they play this virtual game. The patient (avatar) has a visible heartbeat and a health bar displayed on a monitor that can be visualised by the user. If the health bar drops to zero, the patient will die and the surgery will be deemed as a failure. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDowz5_hEZ8&ab_channel=ArkadiuszRybicki
